"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." - Marcus Aurelius
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." - Albert Schweitzer
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." - Anonymous
"Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done." - Marilyn Monroe
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"I failed my way to success." - Thomas Edison
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." - Thomas Paine
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." - Anonymous
"We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action." - Dr. Henry Link
"You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." - Nelson Mandela
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
"Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John Wooden
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." - George S. Patton
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." - Walter Bagehot
"It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." - Bo Bennett
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." - Robert Collier
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"Your limitation—it’s only your imagination." - Anonymous
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"If you’re going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
"You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing." - Anonymous
"Be so good they can’t ignore you." - Steve Martin
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"Great things never come from comfort zones." - Anonymous
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk." - Mark Zuckerberg
"You are confined only by the walls you build yourself." - Andrew Murphy
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you can change your mind, you can change your life." - William James
"If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done." - Thomas Jefferson
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsch
"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." - Beverly Sills
